planned by the rock good coffee it
wasn't their tactic it is in a safe
place
it has off the regular risk you have the
right to remain silent
years later oh great
yes you know when I loved you with like
clickity can check out now you like [ __ ]
me it hiding place police station now
let's get back to it rock this is a
livery for Robbery Homicide
there's too much people get to that door
people wearing handcuffs people wearing
a badge you'll need the ultimate
disguise I'm a detective
I know the real reason that you're here
Susie you have a new lead detective me
anymore topics like a marriage no this
is not
more like a one-night thing hippies put
your hands on the pavement you don't get
that kind of training at the academy
believe they're taking the law they oh
it's good oh hey it's my plan it's so
much as a scratch on him while he's in
your custody you can't touch me walk
right here how'd you get some sleep if
he talks like it might wanna buckle up
he's gotta be his internal affairs hello
is FBI I'm officer below who love it
just who the hell are you looking for
I'm a better Raleigh a better Ally tengo
el gato looks on alone it's all those
men you got a big cat in your pants